Sigourney Beaver is an unreleased card from Magic the Gathering: Edge of Eternities. The card was scrapped early in research and development, but was leaked among several tax documents and restaurant orders from a subpeona. The original artwork for the card is still searched for to this day.
You can forage, craft, unearth, scavenge, renew, and reinforce to get bonuses. There are a few green forage cards, Bushy Bodyguard, Curious Forager, Treetop Sentries, and Thornvault Forager, but Thornvault Forager is by far the best card here. You can consistently forage for two mana every turn using it, which is great! Your crafting options are Jade Seedstones, which gets you an artifact creature when it flips and has +1/+1 counter synergy, and Kalsem's Stonetree, which ramps and also eventually is transformed into an artifact creature. Blue gives a little bit more craft support with Braided Net, Inverted Iceberg, Lodestone Needle, The Enigma Jewel, and Waterlogged Hulk. Colorless has Eye of Ojer Taq, Palentologist's Pick-Axe, Sunbird Standard, and Throne of the Grim Captain. Renew has some great options. All of the green renew cards have +1/+1 counter synergies: Champion of Dusan, Lasyd Prowler, Sage of the Fang, and Sagu Pummeler. The blue options have a finisher among them: Naga Fleshcrafter. By using its ability to turn all the Dams into copies of other creatures, they can win with a surprise attack. Agent of Kotis is +1/+1 counter synergy, and Constrictor Sage provides some removal. Most of the unearth creatures are large: Canoptek Tomb Sentinel and Cityscape Leveler are expensive removal pieces, while Combat Courier, Perennial Behemoth, Reconstructed Thopter, Simian Simulacrum, and Terisian Mindbreaker are a bit cheaper to unearth and are great to mill, which a lot of the craft cards have support for. Fatestitcher, Brackwater Elemental, and Kathari Screecher also have cheap unearth abilities. Most scavenge cards are really expensive and/or require black mana. The best option in green is Dodgy Jalopy, which cares about mana value and can defend very well early on in the game. Bannerhide Krushok has both reinforce and scavenge, so it's a good option to put in the deck. Earthbrawn has a really cheap reinforce ability, and so do Fowl Strike, Hunting Triad, and Wren's Run Hydra.
Building around Keruga's companion ability is very possible here: the command isn't in the deck, so no worries, and there are plenty of high mana value cards with compatible abilities. The card has a ramping renew ability, which is very helpful for getting the large creatures out and activating the more expensive renew abilities.
Cards that return others from the grave, reduce the cost of artifacts, pump artifacts, or grant defenders the ability to attack are fantastic. In fact, the Guardians of Oboro grant all Dams the ability to participate. There are a few creatures with defender like Bristleback Sentry and Drowsing Tyrannodon that can attack once a requirement is met, and Backstreet Bruiser is perfectly cut out for the job as its requirement is just for two +1/+1 counters to be among your creatures. Mechan Sheildmate can attack when you make new dams, and Throughtbound Phantasm eventually can attack once it's big enough. A clear choice here is The Pride of Hull Clade, as it provides both card draw and attacking power.